# My top 10 video games

Website to display show my favourites games and why they are.

## Requirements

-   The page has a title which informs the user what the site is about

-   The page has a logical layout and clear structure

-   There are images on the page, with alt-text where appropriate

-   The page is visually interesting, for example with borders or colours

-   A list is visible somewhere on the page

-   A user can click on a link that takes them to another website

-   The page has a header element, and a footer element

-   Somewhere on the page, the user can see today’s date. The date should always
    be correct. You’ll need to use JavaScript to generate the date, and DOM
    manipulation to display it.

## Planning

I've always loved video games, and my list changes as new games come out. Since
I've never had a concrete list, so this is an excellent time to make one.

First, I aim to complete freecodecamp responsive design and javascript
algorithms data structures and learn the DOM using the resources tab on the
project page to grasp the fundamentals better.

Since there is a list of requirements, I created a mockup of the website
covering all requirements. This should help save time and avoid rewriting a
large amount of code.

Unfortunately, the deadline is approaching, and my spare time has not allowed me
to work on the project, so I must learn as I go. I have also scrapped the mockup
instead, opting for a simple design.

Writing content for the page is much more complicated than I anticipated.
Deciding whether or to write less or less.

Usually, I create websites in black and white due to my love for simplicity and
boringness; however, I decided to add some colour. The contrast checker passes
tests.

Images are my bane. These things always take a long time to configure for me I
need a better understanding. Do I require all images to be of the exact
resolution and size? Or is there a way to scale all images into a consistent
scale? Should I crop images instead of searching for the perfect image. I could
learn illustrator, photoshop.

The styling for the website is done. However, I believe I need to take some
lessons in web design, as it is my biggest weakness.

The CSS could be improved using variables, using the container class in multiple
sections to keep consistent lengths rather than specifying the 900px maximum for
all classes. Reducing the same lines used in multiple styles. For the first
project, it should pass. I will need to step up and plan for the following
projects.

The final thing to do is to add links to the games and references to music.
Editing grammar of content.

The design needs improvement. Future work would be to add carousels to make it
more interesting. Also, a landing image would be better.

## Building

1. Get HTML Set up - Completed, A basic structure has been put in place

2. Put content in - Completed, Writing is a weak point but I'm not a writer

3. Implement JavaScript - Completed, Added basic timer which updates every
   second

4. Style - Completed, Need to take design classes or watch videos

5. Responsiveness - Completed, layout is simple so no media queries required

6. Test - Completed - Date and time works, links are all correct

## Debugging

Document problems and solutions

For some reason, I could not click on a tags which were inside the p tag.
However, changing the display to inline-block solved the problem. The p tag
acted as an overlay which disallowed clicking.

## Usage

Open with live server or use a browser
